The Second Day
Hey, old man.
You're not coming today, are you?
Today is the 31st of December, the day of the big miso festival.
Tomorrow is the New Year.
What are you talking about?
And what are you doing?
You're being held hostage by a fire.
And what is that fire?
Are you going to ask me?
Well, I don't know what to say, but...
I just want to say yes.
I don't know what to do.
I'm not going to do anything stupid.
If I put it in your hand, will you be able to see it?
Don't be ridiculous.
If I see it, I'll be so angry.
What are you talking about?
What are you going to do with the fire?
What are you going to do with it?
I don't know.
I'm not going to bring it to the spring festival.
Put it on this fire tray, two or three times.
Walk around the neighborhood.
What do you say?
This is a great gift.
I'm from another country.
I'll give you a gift.
I'll ask you to do it.
Walk around like this.
Can you take it with you?
What are you going to do with the fire?
I'm not going to say it.
If you say that, it's like you're taking it.
I'm a man.
I've got three intentions.
Are you happy?
Then I'll be relieved.
What are you going to do?
I have one intention.
What is it?
I'm asking you to do it.
Are you happy?
Did you enter secretly?
What are you going to do?
You think it's a waste.
I'm glad you think it's a waste.
When did you enter?
I don't care if you enter.
I'm worried you can't drop it.
Don't say that.
What is your other intention?
I'm going to rent a house.
I don't think you'll live in Hawaii.
What are you going to say?
What is your other intention?
I'm going to walk on my own.
I'm going to pick up a big pot.
I picked up a lot of silver and silver.
If I send it to the police, they'll arrest me.
I don't think they'll come into my house.
What are you going to do?